com/example/cfm/ui/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.data.LoginDataSource
com/example/cfm/ui/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.data.LoginRepository
com/example/spotify_framework/UserService.java
 com.example.spotify_framework.UserService
 com.example.spotify_framework.UserService$1
com/example/cfm/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.example.cfm.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
com/example/cfm/ui/data/Result.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.data.Result
 com.example.cfm.ui.data.Result$1
 com.example.cfm.ui.data.Result$Error
 com.example.cfm.ui.data.Result$Success
com/example/spotify_framework/PlaybackService.java
 com.example.spotify_framework.PlaybackService
com/example/cfm/ui/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.LoginActivity
 com.example.cfm.ui.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.cfm.ui.LoginActivity$2
com/example/cfm/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.MainActivity
com/example/cfm/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cfm.BuildConfig
com/example/spotify_framework/User.java
 com.example.spotify_framework.User
com/example/cfm/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/spotify_framework/Playlist.java
 com.example.spotify_framework.Playlist
com/example/spotify_framework/Genre.java
 com.example.spotify_framework.Genre
com/example/cfm/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/spotify_framework/Song.java
 com.example.spotify_framework.Song
com/example/cfm/ui/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.FirstFragment
 com.example.cfm.ui.FirstFragment$1
com/example/cfm/ui/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/example/cfm/ui/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.SplashActivity
 com.example.cfm.ui.SplashActivity$1
 com.example.cfm.ui.SplashActivity$2
com/example/spotify_framework/VolleyCallBack.java
 com.example.spotify_framework.VolleyCallBack
com/example/cfm/ui/notifications/PlaylistViewModel.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.notifications.PlaylistViewModel
com/example/spotify_framework/SongService.java
 com.example.spotify_framework.SongService
 com.example.spotify_framework.SongService$1
com/example/cfm/ui/databases/PlaylistRepo.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.databases.PlaylistRepo
com/example/cfm/ui/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.SecondFragment
 com.example.cfm.ui.SecondFragment$1
com/example/cfm/ui/notifications/PlaylistAdapter.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.notifications.PlaylistAdapter
 com.example.cfm.ui.notifications.PlaylistAdapter$1
 com.example.cfm.ui.notifications.PlaylistAdapter$OnTaskItemClick
 com.example.cfm.ui.notifications.PlaylistAdapter$TaskViewHolder
com/example/cfm/ui/notifications/PlaylistFragment.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.notifications.PlaylistFragment
 com.example.cfm.ui.notifications.PlaylistFragment$1
 com.example.cfm.ui.notifications.PlaylistFragment$2
com/example/cfm/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.cfm.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.cfm.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
